EPISODE 10
What do you think?
I picked it out for Weiwei.
- I have good taste, right?
- See? Let me take a photo.
Take a photo. Come on!
One, two, three!
Xiaoling, can't you pick an outfit that's
more suited for a respectable woman?
Miss, do you have outfits that are
more suitable for a respectable woman?
Why do you think our clothes
aren't suited for respectable women?
It's her problem.
She's got the hour-glass figure.
So whatever she puts on...
- Let's see!
- Stop it!
- Let me see...
- Stop messing around.
Why are you suddenly buying new clothes?
Because the clothes I bought last year
have lint balls.
But didn't I tell you about that ages ago?
You were happy to wear them.
Plus, you don't need to be shopping
right now, do you?
There's an exam tomorrow.
I have an important interview tomorrow.
Which sick company does interviews
on a Saturday?
Plus, it will be past 11,
after our CET-6 exam tomorrow.
For the respectable woman.
- Thanks.
- Try it on.
Technically, I'm not lying.
Tomorrow's interview will affect
the rest of my life.
Well?
Applause!
You've at last successfully
disguised yourself as a respectable woman.
Must you be so formal, Weiwei?
Isn't it just an interview?
Plus, aren't you always the one
advocating for inner beauty?
For the first interview,
inner beauty doesn't matter.
A heavy-grade weapon like that
should be saved as the trump card.
You're unbelievable.
Shoes!
What's with the shoes? They look good.
They'll match with a different color.
- These are 37, perfect.
- No way!
These don't match your outfit.
You must wear heels.
That's too tall. I'm 169 cm already.
Wearing these will make me 175 cm.
I should wear flats. Let's see.
Goodness! Why are you worried
about that for an interview?
You're worried you'll be taller
than the interviewer?
Exactly!
What if Naihe isn't that tall?
Her outfit is very conservative.
Her outfit is quite refreshing
and graceful.
It suits Weiwei well.
If it's for an interview,
it's okay to look like a student.
Come with me, to get changed.
Am I the only one who finds the fully
buttoned-up collar more alluring,
more seductive?
That's the embodiment
of the beauty of abstinence!
Weiwei is so good at bargaining.
She got a great deal for the whole outfit!
I'm rather lonely
with my superb bargaining skills.
Did you pick up bad habits?
You've been so narcissistic.
Yes, that might be the case.
One takes on the color of one's company.
No, as the saying goes
lie with dogs, you're bound to get fleas.
- Dogs?
- That's you!
- Me?
- Doggy!
Isn't that Bei Weiwei, Yiran?
The shop she went to seems nice.
Let's take a look.
No way.
Clothes from small shops can't withstand
close inspection.
Plus, however much you pay for clothes
defines your value.
Since she shops there,
that's her taste-level.
Yiran?
What's wrong with you guys?
Why do we have to wear skirts for an exam?
Right after the exam, I'm going to...
The interview.
Weiwei rarely wears skirts.
We should coordinate our outfits.
We're in different exam rooms. Why bother?
It's distracting from my focus.
I might start admiring myself
in the middle of the exam.
You're too much.
Did you catch a case of narcissism
from Weiwei?
- Who are you calling a narcissist?
- You!
You!
We'll be late for the exam!
- Hurry up!
- Come on...
Hurry!
Is that Bei Weiwei?
She is quite pretty.
Does she need to dress up
for an exam though?
She's not dressed up.
She's not even wearing make-up.
A pretty girl will look pretty,
even in rags.
It's not even 11:10.
It will be 11:30 soon.
Lord is probably on his way
to Qing University.
Is he as nervous as I am?
Xiao Nai?
Is that Xiao Nai standing
under the willow tree?
It is Xiao Nai! What's he doing here?
He seems to be waiting for someone, too.
Who could be so lucky?
Who'd Lord Xiao wait for?
How come the silhouette is a bit familiar?
It must be an illusion.
Why does he keep looking at me?
Maybe Lord Xiao Nai knows
I'm a computer major?
Is that why he's looking at me?
That makes more sense.
Should I go say hi?
We're in the same department, after all.
But would he take that as a come-on?
Mr. Xiao? What a coincidence!
I'm so jittery.
I should've just walked over.
What a terrible line.
Now it's so awkward.
It's not a coincidence.
I'm waiting for you.
Me?
Naihe?
It's me.
I'm so glad I didn't buy
the stiletto heels.
I'm so shocked now,
I probably would've broken the heels.
Naihe, Xiao Nai; Xiao Nai, Naihe.
How did Naihe turn out to be Xiao Nai?
You finished the exam early?
I almost made you wait again.
You mean the finals? It's fine.
Is he really Naihe?
Come on, let's go eat.
Will another Naihe show up here later?
If Xiao Nai is indeed Naihe,
isn't this all too unreal?
Do you eat fish, Weiwei?
Weiwei?
Thank you.
Auntie Jiang doesn't speak,
but she's a great chef.
My parents don't cook.
When I was a kid, we always ate
at cafeterias or this place.
When you were a kid?
Would you like anything else?
No, it's a huge bowl of soup.
It'd be hard to finish it.
Are there Chinese herbs in the soup?
After my car accident,
my dad ordered a half-month worth of
fish head soup with Sichuan lovage rhizome
and tall gastrodia tuber,
to help with my head injury.
Professor Xiao?
I'm taking his elective class.
Did you ever fall asleep?
His lectures are a bit heady,
but they're all right.
He told us about
their excavation experiences.
They're interesting.
I've taken his class, too.
You don't have to say nice things for him.
Yeah, I sat next to you once.
I know.
"I know"? What does that mean?
I guess for someone like Lord,
regular people's presence is mundane.
Is he dumping this on me,
because he's sick of it?
No way! Why would Xiao Nai and Naihe
do something so insidious?
No... Never!
It's so quiet. Should I talk?
The Xiao Nai in front of me
is so unlike the Naihe online.
He seems more distant. Forget it.
I hear Xiao Nai's parents
are both from families of scholars.
Maybe they have
a no-talking-while-eating rule.
The more I talk, the more mistakes I make.
I should save my strength for the future.
That's right. Safety first.
I should just eat the fish.
Have more soup.
His ringtone
is the "Girl Bandit Abducts Groom"
soundtrack?
Does he miss being abducted?
Hello? Where are you, Nai?
Aren't you coming to the farewell game?
Isn't it at seven? It's still early.
Come soon.
Everyone's waiting for you to warm-up.
What are you doing? Come over now.
- I'm busy.
- Busy? Doing what?
I thought you were done with work for now?
- What are you doing?
- On a date.
On a date?
You're on a date, Nai?
- Bring her...
- I'll ask her.
Do you want to come to our senior class
farewell basketball game?
Okay.
I'll bring her in a bit.
- She's coming?
- Yes.
Eat up. There's no hurry.
I'll go home and get my bike,
then we'll head over together.
He lives around here?
Lord isn't just handsome on horseback.
He's handsome on a bicycle, too.
Get on.
Wait, this... You're taking me?
Are you going to walk? It's far.
You're taking me to the basketball gym?
It... It's probably not the best idea?
People would misread the situation.
Misread?
They'd think we're in that kind
of a relationship.
Since when aren't we in that kind
of a relationship?
I...
We... When did we get in
that kind of a relationship?
Even though I'd love that,
but that can't be the way.
On the other hand,
I'd wanted to nail Lord down anyway,
now that the upgraded Lord has said so,
if I don't accept it,
wouldn't it be a huge loss?
It'd be a loss to accept it,
it'd also be a loss not to accept it.
What the heck is going on?
Stop... Stop thinking...
Don't fall down
the rabbit hole of his words.
Pretend I didn't hear it.
Quarantine them, like viruses.
Right, let's take the bike.
If we walk, we'd run into more people.
Biking is faster.
Maybe we'll get there in no time,
before anyone can make me out.
I'm a good biker, you know?
So, you don't have to look so...
ready to embrace death.
Is my expression so solemn?
I need to get something.
Look! He's so handsome!
I like him! He's so tall.
Standing next to him
does draw a lot of attention.
Hold this for me.
Hold on tight.
Maybe I should be braver.
Xiao Nai... So what, if he's Xiao Nai?
He's Xiao Nai in the future.
Right now, he's more Naihe to me.
He's just Naihe, and I like him.
Wait here.
There's a time and a place
for things like bravery.
It's definitely not when walking
into the basketball gym with Xiao Nai,
with everyone watching.
I'll go watch the game with my roommates.
Let's talk online tonight.
Weiwei!
Go warm-up. Give your seat to Weiwei.
Sure. I'll get going now.
- Bye-bye!
- Bye-bye.
Here, Weiwei!
Weiwei, it's really happening today.
What do you mean?
There are so many campus beauties here.
Jiang Ruru from foreign languages,
Li Hanyu from chemistry,
and the campus belle is here, too.
She's right over there.
Is this the first simultaneous appearance
of top two beauties of our school?
I think so.
If we'd known Meng Yiran would come,
you could've worn that red dress,
Weiwei.
You totally would've crushed her, okay?
That's right. Meng Yiran's figure
has nothing on our Weiwei.
Weiwei's face is much prettier, too.
Who took that photo of Weiwei
for the contest last year?
It was a terrible picture.
She was disadvantaged,
compared to Meng Yiran's close-up photo.
I know! Weiwei wouldn't let us
upload a nicer photo.
- She should've taken more photos.
- Right?
Let's eat...
Did you hit the jackpot, Weiwei?
Snacks galore! How much was everything?
I want this.
- You got my favorite dried mango!
- And roasted cashew nuts!
Why didn't you get my favorite
pecans, Weiwei?
- You're being picky now?
- No, I'm sorry.
Lord stuffed a huge bag in three minutes.
You're expecting variety from him?
Did you get the job, Weiwei?
So you bought snacks to celebrate?
You could say that.
How was the interview?
Well... The process was rather
disappointing, but the end was surprising.
Who cares if it's surprising,
as long as you got the job?
By the way, Weiwei,
what matters the most,
is that Lord Xiao Nai will definitely
be here today!
I know he's coming, of course.
You're eating the snacks he bought.
Say, today's game is between
computer and architecture departments.
Meng Yiran isn't in our department.
What's she doing here?
You can't say that, Sisi.
Handsome men are a shared resource
for all people.
You can't have prejudice in that regard.
Look... What did I tell you?
Bei Weiwei would show up for sure.
Why would a girl like her
give up such an opportunity?
- The cashews are good.
- I want some.
Don't finish them yourself!
You're eating so fast. Come on!
Everyone, please.
Hurry and return to your seats.
Come on... Get a move on!
Hurry, let's go...
Nai, what are you doing here?
Where is she?
Where's your date?
Right. I texted Hao Mei
and asked him to come.
Ran off.
- Ran off?
You guys scared her off.
I'm so cute. Who would I scare off?
They're probably the two guys
who called him on the phone.
Are they Yugong and Houzi Jiu?
Okay, let's go change.
Yiran, Xiao Nai was looking at you.
Could it be? There are so many people.
Please! These people here
are just the background for you, okay?
Didn't you meet Xiao Nai
at your uncle's office?
I'm sure he remembers you.
Bei Weiwei sat through a class with him,
but they never spoke. Right?
Say, who was Xiao Nai looking at?
Probably Meng Yiran?
Not necessarily.
There are many pretty girls here today.
But Xiao Nai was looking in our direction.
That could only be Meng Yiran.
I remember now! Maybe Xiao Nai
and Meng Yiran know each other.
The only time Xiao Nai participated
in the school gala,
Meng Yiran performed on stage, too.
They didn't perform together,
but they both performed
folk instruments.
Maybe they crossed paths.
Maybe Xiao Nai wasn't looking at a girl.
Why do you have to think him so shallow?
Please! Don't be so naive.
When has Xiao Nai ever looked up
at the bleachers?
He always treats people like thin air.
He must have been looking at someone.
There is only one truth.
He was looking at... me.
- Let's head out.
- Go!
- Coming...
- Break a leg...
Mr. Hou, I saw Nai looking up
at the bleachers earlier.
Something's fishy.
This is the first time
I find your logic to be impeccable.
Look at Nai,
he's already got a handsome face,
and he's got a nice body!
Don't change the subject.
Come on, Nai, who were you looking at?
Which pretty girl?
I noticed that line of vision included
our campus belle.
And the department belle,
whom I keep running into.
I told you,
it's got nothing to do with you.
You'd better explain yourself.
Hey, you just recovered from your injury.
Are you sure you can play ball?
I'm fine. Don't worry.
Come on, get changed.
Weiwei,
don't you know you and Xiao Nai are
recognized as the least likely couple?
Recognized as the least likely couple?
It's a popular gossip forum.
It paired up all the famous
single students on campus.
You and Xiao Nai are the least compatible.
Why do they have forums like that?
- These people have too much free time.
- Xiaoling!
I forgot to do my homework.
Did you do it? Can I see it?
Why aren't we compatible?
Why are you taking such vain things
so seriously, Weiwei?
According to the forum comments,
it's because of looks, occupations...
How did they put it? Let me think.
I got it!
They said, "One is elegant and light
like an ink wash painting.
The other is colorful and heavy,
like an oil painting.
One is a celestial being of another world.
The other is an adenium flower
on rustic earth."
- What's that look on your face?
- I got goose bumps.
Also, I'm not oily at all. Okay?
That's a bad joke.
Why aren't our occupations compatible?
We're both computer majors.
We should be known as the "Techy Couple."
Why are you laughing?
Can you come up with a worse name?
When you're in the same field,
there's no sense of idolization, okay?
Plus, computers are only one
of Xiao Nai's strengths.
Tell me, who did they say
was compatible with Xiao Nai?
No one. They couldn't reach a consensus.
See?
They're out!
Xiao Nai...
Go...
Xiao Nai is everyone's idol.
Say, Xiao Nai is a better swimmer
than basketball player.
I wonder what he looks like
during a swim meet?
Why is your face so hot, Weiwei?
- Your thoughts are impure!
- Me?
- Your thoughts are impure.
I think I've been wrongly accused.
- You have impure thoughts, too!
- You, too!
- Who?
The game's starting.
FIRST QUARTER
COMPUTER VS. ARCHITECTURE
Nice job, everyone.
- Later...
- Yes?
- We can pick up the pace.
- Okay.
- Dazhong, you're on rebounds.
- Got it.
Houzi, cover more positions.
Particularly on defense, you can do more.
Okay.
Xiao Nai's mid-air direction change
was so awesome!
I'll ask Dazhong to work on it.
I think he needs to be very fit.
I don't know.
Xiao Nai is a master
of both pen and sword.
He's such a quality person.
If we do end up together,
I'll have to work harder.
SECOND QUARTER
COMPUTER VS. ARCHITECTURE
THIRD QUARTER
- Take over my position later.
- Okay.
Dazhong was right.
Xiao Nai is only playing half of the game.
Why's that?
It's the farewell game.
Bench players get floor time, too.
I heard Xiao Nai
was in a car accident recently.
Car accident?
It's not good for him
to exercise for too long, right?
How did I forget that?
Why is he still on the court?
What did you forget?
Nothing.
The team is going out later.
I might not be able to go online tonight.
What are you doing tomorrow?
- Study.
- Okay. I'll go with you.
Okay, I'll save you a seat.
There's an empty seat.
Will you scoot over?
What's going on?
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan